Mom, I'm out of jail together
I wanted to surprise you
But I didn't tell you
Since you are back
Just in time to take away the trust and your divorce certificate
Mom, what's going on?
I didn't divorce Xiner
You go to jail for three years
We can go directly to your Civil Affairs Bureau to file for divorce.
I don't need your consent.
I have such a good relationship with Xiner
How can you call the shots?
Divorced us both
We are not from the same world
Divorce happens to be my own way
Why do you have to give me an explanation?
Don't worry.
I will not lose a penny of the compensation I should give you.
I can even give you some extra.
No compensation is required.
I just want to know why you want to divorce me
One, you don't pee. Take a picture of yourself
You were not worthy of my Xiner before
It's the same now.
Mom, when I used to make money for my family
That's not how you treat me.
Don't Call Me Mom
I don't have this republican philosophy
Lin Bin, stop messing around
It's not the same now
Now I can't have a prison husband
That's why you want to divorce me?
I'll tell you the truth.
The company is about to take advantage of you
I'm about to do a big project.
If it is done
There will be a foothold in the whole of Jiangnan
I can't have a king outside, monitor
So you think I'm dragging you down
You're self-aware.
I'll tell you what.
Don't use this to deceive us loudly
We're not to be messed with
The donor is Junjie
Since my sister has already said so
As a man, you should accept it calmly.
My sister now
Received the reward of the four great heroes
Not everyone can afford it
Shin Shin, you want to succeed.
You want money?
You want power?
Why do you think I can't give it to you?
Shin Shin
Just because of this question, I want to talk to
I'm divorced, don't you think you're too strong?
bright moon
You used to be a real person
Why did you become so vain after three years in?
I ask you what can you give me for three years?
Bragging without drafting
I'm not being vain here
I want to work hard step by step on my own
You don't understand the feeling of going to the top
Do you know
The support of your so-called four families
I asked them to arrange it.